chore(gen): review content for seo (#3484)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/public-gateways.mdx

Currently the maximum bandwidth available to a Public Gateway is 1Gbps. If you are interested in availability of a Public Gateway with a higher maximum bandwidth, please add or upvote a [feature request](https://feature-request.scaleway.com/) so that we can monitor demand. 

> In the meantime, you can add multiple Public Gateways to your Private Network to spread out the traffic flow, **if** the Instances in your Private Network have a recent kernel. Note that a single TCP stream/connection is unlikely to exceed 1Gbps. Multiple streams/connections are likely to be necessary to fully use the available bandwidth of multiple Public Gateways, depending on the capacity of the server at the receiving end. Without multiple streams/connections, the limit of, for example, an S3 GET request will still be 1Gbps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the meantime, you can add multiple Public Gateways to your Private Network to spread out the traffic flow, **if** the Instances in your Private Network have a recent kernel. Note that a single TCP stream/connection is unlikely to exceed 1Gbps. Multiple streams/connections are likely to be necessary to fully use the available bandwidth of multiple Public Gateways, depending on the server's capacity at the receiving end. Without multiple streams/connections, the limit of, for example, an S3 GET request will still be 1 Gbps.
```
